I think I'll show everyone during the day
little
so create a video guide how to configure
Maincraft server
many ask this question why
them login login writes when they go to
server and why
and minimum fast log in
it will quickly log in i will say
Immediately try to create a text
document
there already write the register password twice
copy and paste immediately on
server and immediately find register
so on so now about baht login
I will help you set up a command block there
152 over there is still there so let's get started
many beginnings of the online mod are set by this
question they go to the server and now
he writes bad login he even put
saving now I will start the server and me
tank will write login
and I will tell you the solution to this problem.
Now run on close to the flour
and again means clinic
that's how
the server turned on we connect it
here it is here it is it error code
battle 1
why is such a problem yes all because
that when you started your server
normal service up
example is the word gift 1 online here
letter online here need to put
fous for the server to work just under
a pirated version of minecraft here we are
set files
we start the server and
and now everything will work for us
and voila you calmly go to the server
loading the world that's me on the server
matrix with you was buratinka to new
meeting